[IMP] blog: update and restructure blog documentation (#15323)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/blog.rst

Blog
====

**Odoo Blog** lets you manage blog pages and posts, and customize them with the website builder.

Blog posts
==========

Create a blog post

> ------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I wouldn't add this heading, as there isn't much content under it, and we avoid using two headings in a row without content in between. I think starting by explaining how to create a blog post is an ok introduction to the "Blog posts" section :)

> To create a blog post, click :guilabel:`New` and click :guilabel:`Blog Post`. Select a blog, define

Reviewer: I would specify that you need to be on the website, it could be something like "To create a blog post, open the website, click (...)"

a :guilabel:`Blog Post Title` and click :guilabel:`Save`. Write the post's content and customize it
using the website builder.

Customize blog posts
--------------------

> To customize the content of a blog post, open a blog post and click :menuselection:`Edit --> Style`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize blog posts, open one and click :menuselection:`Edit --> Style`.
```

Different options can be used to customize the posts:

- :guilabel:`Layout`: displays the title inside the cover or above the cover.
- :guilabel:`Increase Readability`: Enhances text appearance for better reading comfort without
  changing the content.
- :guilabel:`Sidebar`: displays archives, authors, blogs list, social networks, next article and
  comments.
- :guilabel:`Archive`: enables filtering posts by selected month.
- :guilabel:`Author`: displays the post author.
- :guilabel:`Blog List`: displays links to all the blogs.

> - :guilabel:`Share Links`: displays share buttons to several social networks.

Reviewer: See my suggestions for blog pages, since the content is almost the same :)

.. Note::
   - Increase blogs' visibility in search engines, attract more visitors and more clicks while
     improving the :doc:`SEO <../../../applications/websites/website/structure/seo>`:

      - Update the content of the website regularly.
      - Use meta tags and ensure both the website content and its metadata are translated.
      - Never have more than one :ref:`Heading 1 <website/elements/titles>` per page so the
        :doc:`SEO <../../../applications/websites/website/structure/seo>` can easily identify the
        main topic of the page.

   - Add 'Blog' :ref:`building blocks <website/building_blocks/add>` anywhere on your website by
     dragging and dropping them on the desired pages to increase the blogs visibility.
   - Customize blog building blocks through the website editor. For e.g., filter by the
     :guilabel:`Latest blog posts` or :guilabel:`Most viewed blog posts` and determine which blog
     to display in the building block.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Building block documentation <../../../applications/websites/website/web_design/building_blocks>`

.. _blog/tags:

Tags
~~~~

Tags let visitors filter blog posts with the same tag. They are displayed at the

> bottom of their posts.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that they are displayed in the sidebar as well

Create tags
***********

To create a tag, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Tags` and click
:guilabel:`New`. Fill in the:

- :guilabel:`Name`.
- :ref:`Category <blog/tag category>`.

> - :guilabel:`Color`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Name`
- :ref:`Category <blog/tag category>`
- :guilabel:`Color`
```

- :guilabel:`Used in`: to apply tags to existing blog posts, click :guilabel:`Add a line`,
  select the posts, and click :guilabel:`Select`.

To manage the appearance of the tags, click :menuselection:`Edit --> Style` and enable the
:guilabel:`Sidebar`. On the :guilabel:`Posts List` section, enable or disable the
:guilabel:`Teaser & Tags` option.

Add and create tags directly from posts by clicking :menuselection:`Edit --> Style` and
select the post's cover. Under :guilabel:`Tags`, click :guilabel:`Choose a record...`, and select
or create a tag. Or create a tag by writing the name in the search bar and clicking

> :guilabel:`Create "..."`.

Author: i think it could be useful so I shortened it a little bit :-)  what do think ?

.. _blog/tag category:

Create tag category

> *******************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tag categories
**************
```

Tag categories let you organize tags into groups displayed on the sidebar.

.. image:: blog/tag-categories.png
    :alt: tag categories

To create tag categories, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Tag
Categories` and click :guilabel:`New`.

Blog pages
==========

Create a blog page
------------------

To create or edit a blog, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Blogs`. Click
:guilabel:`New`, select the :guilabel:`Blog` and define the :guilabel:`Blog Subtitle`.

The :guilabel:`Blog` menu is added to the website's menu the first time a blog is created and
gathers all the blogs and their posts.

> Customize blog pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize landing pages
```

--------------------

To customize a blog page, go to :menuselection:`Edit --> Style` and use the available options as
desired:

- :guilabel:`Top Banner`: displays the title of the page.
- :guilabel:`Full width`: displays the banner widely.

> - :guilabel:`Layout`:  displays the blog posts as grid or as list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Layout`:  display blog posts as a grid or as a list.
```

- :guilabel:`Cards`: displays blog posts with a *card* effect.
- :guilabel:`Increase Readability`: Enhances text appearance for better reading comfort without

>   changing the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - :guilabel:`Increase Readability`: Adapt or not the page's layout for better reading comfort.
```
- It's a bit unclear what it does even when testing, so I would stay vague.
- I'm not sure saying "without changing the content" is necessary, though.
